Revise and update LimitRange concept (#37202)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range.md

 `cpu` and `memory`, you must specify
  requests or limits for those values. Otherwise, the system may reject Pod creation.
- `LimitRange` validations occur only at Pod admission stage, not on running Pods.
  If you add or modify a LimitRange, the Pods that already exist in that namespace
  continue unchanged.
- If two or more `LimitRange` objects exist in the namespace, it is not deterministic which default value will be applied.

## LimitRange and admission checks for Pods

A `LimitRange` does **not** check the consistency of the default values it applies. This means that a default value for the _limit_ that is set by `LimitRange` may be less than the _request_ value specified for the container in the spec that a client submits to the API server. If that happens, the final Pod will not be scheduleable.

For example, if "LimitRange` is defined as following:

{{< codenew file="concepts/policy/limit-range/problematic-limit-range.yaml" >}}

The following Pod that declares the Request of `700m`, but not the limit:

{{< codenew file="concepts/policy/limit-range/example-conflict-with-limitrange-cpu.yaml" >}}

> This Pod will not be scheduled with the error `Pod "ConflictingCpuSettings" is invalid: spec.containers[0].resources.requests: Invalid value: "700m": must be less than or equal to cpu limit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Pod will not be scheduled, failing with an error similar to 
`Pod "example-conflict-with-limitrange-cpu" is invalid: spec.containers[0].resources.requests: Invalid value: "700m": must be less than or equal to cpu limit`
```

{{< glossary_tooltip text="namespace" term_id="namespace" >}}.
Within a namespace, a {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="Pod" >}} can consume as much CPU and memory as is allowed by the ResourceQuotas that apply to that namespace. As a cluster operator, or as a namespace-level administrator, you might also be concerned about making sure that a single object cannot monopolize all available resources within a namespace.

A LimitRange is a policy to constrain the resource allocations (limits and requests) that you can specify for each applicable object kind (such as Pod or {{< glossary_tooltip text="PersistentVolumeClaim" term_id="persistent-volume-claim" >}}) in a namespace.

<!-- body -->

A _LimitRange_ provides constraints that can:

- Enforce minimum and maximum compute resources usage per Pod or Container in a namespace.
- Enforce minimum and maximum storage request per {{< glossary_tooltip text="PersistentVolumeClaim" term_id="persistent-volume-claim" >}} in a namespace.
- Enforce a ratio between request and limit for a resource in a namespace.
- Set default request/limit for compute resources in a namespace and automatically inject them to Containers at runtime.

> ## Enabling LimitRange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- First, the `LimitRange` admission controller applies default request and limit values for all Pods (and their containers) that do not set compute resource requirements.
- Second, the `LimitRange` tracks usage to ensure it does not exceed resource minimum, maximum and ratio defined in any `LimitRange` present in the namespace.
- If you attempt to create or update an object (Pod or PersistentVolumeClaim) that violates a `LimitRange` constraint, your request to the API server will fail with an HTTP status code `403 Forbidden` and a message explaining the constraint that has been violated.
- If you add a `LimitRange` in a namespace that applies to compute-related resources such as
 `cpu` and `memory`, you must specify
  requests or limits for those values. Otherwise, the system may reject Pod creation.
- `LimitRange` validations occur only at Pod admission stage, not on running Pods.
  If you add or modify a LimitRange, the Pods that already exist in that namespace
  continue unchanged.
- If two or more `LimitRange` objects exist in the namespace, it is not deterministic which default value will be applied.

> # LimitRange and pods admissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## LimitRange and admission checks for Pods
```
or use a level 3 heading if you prefer that (level 1 isn't allowed)

By default, containers run with unbounded [compute resources](/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) on a Kubernetes cluster.

> With resource quotas, cluster administrators can restrict resource consumption and creation on a {{< glossary_tooltip text="namespace" term_id="namespace" >}} basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using  Kubernetes [resource quotas](/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas/),
administrators (also termed _cluster operators_) can restrict consumption and creation
of cluster resources (such as CPU time, memory, and persistent storage) within a specified
{{< glossary_tooltip text="namespace" term_id="namespace" >}}.
```

> Within a namespace, a {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="Pod" >}} or {{< glossary_tooltip text="Container" term_id="Container" >}} can consume as much CPU and memory as defined by the namespace's resource quota. There is a concern that one Pod or Container could monopolize all available resources. A LimitRange is a policy to constrain resource allocations (to Pods or Containers) in a namespace.

Reviewer: We should reword this further, I think.
```suggestion
Within a namespace, a {{< glossary_tooltip text="Pod" term_id="Pod" >}} can consume as much CPU and memory as is allowed by the ResourceQuotas that apply to that namespace. As a cluster operator, or as a namespace-level administrator, you might also be concerned about making sure that a single object cannot monopolize all available resources within a namespace.

A LimitRange is a policy to constrain the resource allocations (limits and requests) that you can specify for each applicable object kind (such as Pod or {{< glossary_tooltip text="PersistentVolumeClaim" term_id="persistent-volume-claim" >}}) in a namespace.
```

The name of a LimitRange object must be a valid
[DNS subdomain name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-subdomain-names).

> ### Overview of LimitRange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Constraints on resource limits and requests
```

> - The administrator creates one LimitRange in one namespace.

Reviewer: Is this always correct? Can you have more than one?

If we're updating, let's consider this detail in-scope.

Author: fixed

> - Users create resources like Pods, Containers, and PersistentVolumeClaims in the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users create (or try to create) objects in that namespace, such as Pods or PersistentVolumeClaims.
```

> - First, the `LimitRange` admission controller applies default request and limit values for all Pods and Containers that do not set compute resource requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First, the `LimitRange` admission controller applies default request and limit values for all Pods (and their containers) that do not set compute resource requirements.
```

- Second, the `LimitRange` tracks usage to ensure it does not exceed resource minimum, maximum and ratio defined in any `LimitRange` present in the namespace.

> - If creating or updating a resource (Pod, Container, PersistentVolumeClaim) that violates a `LimitRange` constraint, the request to the API server will fail with an HTTP status code `403 FORBIDDEN` and a message explaining the constraint that have been violated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you attempt to create or update an object (Pod or PersistentVolumeClaim) that violates a `LimitRange` constraint, your request to the API server will fail with an HTTP status code `403 Forbidden` and a message explaining the constraint that has been violated.
```
There is no Container resource in Kubernetes' HTTP API. _Pods_ have containers.

> - If a `LimitRange` is activated in a namespace for compute resources like `cpu` and `memory`, users must specify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you add a `LimitRange` in a namespace that applies to compute-related resources such as
 `cpu` and `memory`, you must specify
```

  requests or limits for those values. Otherwise, the system may reject Pod creation.

> - `LimitRange` validations occurs only at Pod Admission stage, not on Running Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LimitRange` validations occur only at Pod admission stage, not on running Pods.
  If you add or modify a LimitRange, the Pods that already exist in that namespace
  continue unchanged.
```

> {{< note >}}

Reviewer: This note is too big. Consider making it a subtopic with a heading instead. Also, please use a `{{< codenew >}}` shortcode for the LimitRange manifest.

Author: fixed

`LimitRange` does not check the consistency of default values it applied. Default value for the limit that is set by `LimitRange` may be less than the request value which will lead to Pod not being scheduleable.

For example, if "LimitRange` is defined as following:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: LimitRange
metadata:

>   name: CpuLimitRange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: cpu-resource-constraint
```

>   namespace: default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd omit that; then it becomes more useful to readers!

spec:

>   limits:

Reviewer: Consider adding a comment to highlight that `.spec.limits` is the right place to define default limits _and_ default requests - that might not be obvious.

  - default:
      cpu: 500m
    defaultRequest:
      cpu: 500m
    max:
      cpu: "1"
    min:
      cpu: 100m
```

> The Pod that declares the Request of `700m`, but not the limit, will not be scheduled with the error `Pod "ConflictingCpuSettings" is invalid: spec.containers[0].resources.requests: Invalid value: "700m": must be less than or equal to cpu limit`

Reviewer: Introduce the Pod (use a `{{< codenew >}}` shortcode again), _then_ show the error that the reader would see if they tried to apply it with the example LimitRange in place.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:

>   name: ConflictingCpuSettings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: example-conflict-with-limitrange-cpu
```

spec:
  containers:
  - name: nginx

>     image: nginx

Reviewer: If possible, use an in-project example container image rather than 3rd party software. Also, pin to an image tag if you can.

    resources:
      requests:
        cpu: 700m
```

This Pod will be scheduled successfully:

``` yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:

>   name: ConsistentCpuSettings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: example-no-conflict-with-limitrange-cpu
```

spec:
  containers:
  - name: nginx

>     image: nginx

Reviewer: If possible, use an in-project example container image rather than 3rd party software. Also, pin to an image tag if you can.

    resources:
      requests:
        cpu: 700m
      limits:
        cpu: 700m
```

{{< /note >}}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Example resource constraints

```
